docs: clarify provider and retrieval implementation paths (#2466)
filecoin-project/filecoin-docs: getting-started/how-retrieval-works/serving-retrievals.md

Once the client has received the last chunk of data, the connection is closed.

### Implementation paths

Different retrieval workflows use different tools:

| Workflow | Maintained path |
| --- | --- |
| Serving retrievals as a storage provider | Use [Boost](https://boost.filecoin.io/) to serve retrievals. Boost supports Graphsync retrievals by default, and storage providers can run [`booster-http`](https://boost.filecoin.io/http-retrieval) for HTTP retrievals when configured. |
| Retrieving data as a client | Use [Lassie](https://github.com/filecoin-project/lassie) to fetch content from Filecoin and IPFS using the best available retrieval path. |

> | Retrieving application data through Filecoin Onchain Cloud | Use the [Synapse SDK](https://docs.filecoin.cloud/getting-started/) for Filecoin Onchain Cloud storage and download flows. For app-facing fast delivery, [Filecoin Beam](https://docs.filbeam.com/) is available as a Filecoin Onchain Cloud delivery add-on for supported data. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Serving PDP retrievals as a storage provider | Use Curio which supports `/piece` and `/ipfs` retrievals. |
| Serving PoRep retrievals as a storage provider | Use [Boost](https://boost.filecoin.io/) to serve retrievals. Boost supports Graphsync retrievals by default, and storage providers can run [`booster-http`](https://boost.filecoin.io/http-retrieval) for HTTP retrievals when configured. |
| Retrieving data as a client | Use [Lassie](https://github.com/filecoin-project/lassie) to fetch content from Filecoin and IPFS using the best available retrieval path. |
| Retrieving application data with Filecoin Onchain Cloud | See [FOC retrieval docs](https://docs-add-retrieval-in-concepts-synapse-dev.filoz.workers.dev/core-concepts/retrieval/) |
```

I don't know this: Is Boost needed for serving PoRep retrieavals. Doesn't Curio without boost ship with a `/piece` endpoint?

Rather than fix/correct the FOC section, just linked to a place of truth that explains more nuance and more likely to stay updated.

Author: Split PDP and PoRep provider retrieval paths. I did not link to the worker preview because the canonical production FOC retrieval URL currently 404s; this stays pointed at the stable FOC docs for now.

Reviewer: Doh! Two things:
1. I meant to do https://docs.filecoin.cloud/core-concepts/retrieval/ 
2. I recently merged that change but I didn't realize that docs updates were manual. I kicked off the workflow: https://github.com/FilOzone/synapse-sdk/actions/runs/27313758657

Author: Thanks, that URL is live now. Updated the FOC row to point directly at the production retrieval docs.

> Saturn content is preserved as [legacy reference material](../../reference/general/legacy-content.md) and is not the recommended path for new retrieval integrations.

Reviewer: I wouldn't even mention Saturn. It has been dead for years. 

```suggestion
```

Author: Agreed, removed the Saturn reference instead of pointing readers to legacy content.
